docs(native): add send_client_reports option (#17307)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/native/common/configuration/options.mdx

</SdkOption>

<SdkOption name="send_client_reports" type="bool" defaultValue="true" availableSince="0.13.6">

> Set this boolean to `false` to disable sending of client reports. Client reports are a protocol feature that let clients send status reports about themselves to Sentry. They are currently mainly used to emit outcomes for events that were never sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set this boolean to `false` to disable client reports. Client reports are a protocol feature that allows clients to send status information about themselves to Sentry. They’re currently used mainly to report outcomes for events that were never sent.
```
